Add changelog for BI extension v1.1.0 release (#44)
wso2/vscode-extensions: workspaces/bi/bi-extension/CHANGELOG.md

# Change log

## **1.1.0** (2025-07-12)

### Major Features

- **Bundled Language Server**: Ballerina Language Server is now bundled with the extension, eliminating separate installation requirements and improving startup performance
- **Configurable Editor v2**: Complete redesign of the configuration editor with enhanced UI/UX and improved functionality

> - **Type Editor Revamp**: Comprehensive revamp of the type editor with modern UI components and a better user experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type Editor Revamp**: A redesign of the type editor to improve feature discoverability and deliver a better user experience
```
